---
layout: post
title: Elon Musk
---

Elon Musk has been in the press lately for the work his company <a href="https://www.neuralink.com"> Neuralink</a> 
is doing to accelerate the development of brain-machine interfaces (BMIs). BMIs use imaging technology to decode mental
and emotional brain states. For example, a BMI could decode that you want to send a text message to your friend Robin to
ask her about her new job, and automatically do it without you ever touching your phone. A more advanced BMI could sense 
how you want a PowerPoint slide to look and automatically create it and put it in a business presentation.


The core technology of a BMI relies on interpreting and decoding brain signals, typically either blood flow or neural activity. Dynamic Light has demonstrated that Speckle imaging is a promising way to measure blood flow during surgery when the tissue
is exposed. <br>
But what about when tissue is not exposed?
<br>
Co-founders Andrew Dunn and David Miller recently presented thier work on the future of Speckle imaging to measure blood flow
through tissue. This would be akin to a MRI image, but without needing a huge magnet. Speckle imaging offers the ability to
measure brain states non-invasively - something like a ski hat outfitted with lasers and camera sensors. These types of 
devices will likely follow after the more invasive electrode devices that Elon Musk and Neuralink are working on.

<a href="https://www.spiedigitallibrary.org/conference-proceedings-of-spie/10877/1087707/Computational-speckle-contrast-optical-tomography-%7c-2019-%7c-Miller-%7c/10.1117/12.2512456.short?SSO=1"> Read more about Andrew and David's recent work here.</a> 

